Update Attach to Kubernetes docs (#7603)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/devcontainers/attach-container.md

## Attach to a container in a Kubernetes cluster

> To attach to a container in a Kubernetes cluster, either select **Dev Containers: Attach to Running Kubernetes Container...** from the Command Palette (`kbstyle(F1)`) or first install the [Kubernetes extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-kubernetes-tools.vscode-kubernetes-tools) and `kubectl` along with the Dev Containers extension. Then select the Kubernetes explorer from the Activity bar and expand the cluster and Pod where the container you want to attach to resides. Finally, right-click on the container and select **Attach Visual Studio Code** from context menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To attach to a container in a Kubernetes cluster, select **Dev Containers: Attach to Running Kubernetes Container...** from the Command Palette (`kb(workbench.action.showCommands)`). Alternatively, first install the [Kubernetes extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-kubernetes-tools.vscode-kubernetes-tools) and `kubectl` along with the Dev Containers extension. Then select the Kubernetes explorer from the Activity Bar and expand the cluster and Pod where the container you want to attach to resides. Finally, right-click on the container and select **Attach Visual Studio Code** from the context menu.
```
